hey everybody its Connie was simply
simple stamping calm I'm so glad you
could join me for a two minute Tuesday
tip video I'm really excited about this
when it really was like kind of a
lightbulb moment for me we're going to
be talking about the triple banner punch
guys love this punch because I have
never been one who can get a perfect
banner on a piece of cardstock but I
learned something today so I've got my
cardstock here but I never know what
link to cut it I understand the
different widths that come in the punch
in fact I made it simple for myself and
I wrote it up with a sharpie on the
bottom I can do a two inch a one and a
half or a one inch piece of cardstock
but what about the length well I'm going
to share with you my trick I'm going to
be using just a one inch strip here and
I've just cut off my banner punched my
banner I'm going to hold on to this
piece real quick I'm just going to go
ahead and stamp my banner happy birthday
and this comes the tough part how far do
I need to cut that piece of paper guys
check this out I'm going to take the
punch that I punched off I can then
visualize I can see oh that looks just
about centered there so I don't have to
worry now about centering my sentiment
my stamped image I can just cut that off
equal with the edge of my cardstock
check it out
back into the triple banner punch
perfect what do you think is that just
an awesome tip I'm telling we are going
to find 101 ways to use that fabulous
punch it really is fantastic I hope that
you guys find that tip helpful today
remember you can see all kinds of two
minute Tuesday tip videos that a lot of
other paper crafting goodies - that's
simply simple stamping calm I hope
you'll check it out we'll see you guys
soon bye bye